you have to at least get close to
failure to grow your muscles with
stretching the concept is actually the
same so if you want to be flexible the
stretch has to be very intense but it
doesn't have to be too painful be smart
about it and just like bodybuilding one
set per exercise isn't really enough so
rest in between sets for a little bit
you know maybe a few minutes and then go
again and again and sometimes again and
rest and maybe go again again as long as
you repeat that process a few few times
a week flexibility will never be a weak
point again and I know I'm the skinny
guy but being absolutely massive does
not mean you have to be in flexy ah stay
flexy